### Introduction

This example simulates a job that syncs content between different machines, using the farming-protocol and a local Ethereum blockchain. Upon the start of the job, the requester computer submits a budget to a simulated contract. Once complete, it will find other peers on the ara discovery channel, negotiate price and commission the farmer computer to transfer the files.
When the job is finished, the requester submits a reward to the contract based on the farmer's distribution. The farmer can claim this reward using the job id and their personal id.

### Prerequisite

On the computers that are running this example:

* Clone ara-filesystem https://github.com/AraBlocks/ara-filesystem and complete its prerequisite steps. (Note: edits .ararc and truffle.js to use local ip address, instead of localhost. Contracts need to be deployed only on one computer)

* Move .ara and .ararc in ara-filesystem to HOME directory

* Run ara-network-node-identity-archiver and ara-network-node-identity-resolver nodes in separate terminals

* Link this repo to ara-filesystem https://github.com/AraBlocks/ara-filesystem

* Rewards can be distributed through the same blockchain that ara-filesystem uses. In examples/remote-peers-contract/constant.js, change the host and port with the local ip address, and update the accounts with those generated by Truffle

* Deploy the farming contract
  * `$ cd examples/remote-peers-contract/farming_contract`
  * `$ truffle migrate`

### Usage

On the requester machine, run:

* `$ node remote-requester.js`

Similarly, on the farmer machine, run:

* `$ node remote-farmer.js`

The logs will indicate when the syncing is done. The downloaded content is replicated and placed in

* `~/.ara/afs/<did>/home/content/data`
